Mkdocs material documentation (#58)
slub/ocrd_kitodo: docs/setup/configure-modules.md

> existing files with new data to be written, the UID and GID of the `ocrd` user
> on the Controller and Manager are taken from the host system.
>
> **Note**:
> If you do not want to [`make build`](running.md#building) the images yourself, but
> use the _prebuilt_ images from GitHub Container Registry, then mind the image _tag_ variables.
> Instead of the default `latest` development version, you may want to use
> a stable release: Just checkout the respective Git release, and `.env`
> should already point to stable tags.

## OCR-D Manager

{% include '_generated/env-manager-table.md' %}

It is allowed and realistic if `MANAGER_DATA` is different from `CONTROLLER_DATA`.
Input/output will be synchronized between them at runtime.

Currently, `MANAGER_DATA` should be the same path as `APP_DATA/metadata`
(which could be just a NFS mountpoint on either side).

### OCR-D Monitor

The OCR-D Manager module also includes an OCR-D Monitor service, which can also be configured here.

{% include '_generated/env-monitor-table.md' %}

Currently, `MONITOR_DATA` should be the same path as `MANAGER_DATA`.

## OCR-D Controller

> (only relevant in profile **with-ocrd-controller**, see [Compose Profiles](configure-modules.md#compose-profiles))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(only relevant in profile **with-ocrd-controller**, see [Enable/Disable Modules](setup/enable-disable-modules.md))
```

{% include '_generated/env-controller-table.md' %}

## Kitodo.Production

> (only relevant in profile **with-kitodo-production**, see [Compose Profiles](configure-modules.md#compose-profiles))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(only relevant in profile **with-kitodo-production**, see [Enable/Disable Modules](setup/enable-disable-modules.md))
```
